README.md, before:

# Campfire Stories   

This project uses create react app.  
The server and client are run separately.  

```
# terminal 1
cd client
npm start

# terminal 2
cd server
npm start
```

**[Installation and Usage](https://github.com/mmhansen/campers-of-fcc/wiki)**  

**Creators**  
mmhansen  
codejunky

**This could not be done without the help of many contributors and maintainers. <3**


```
Hello Free Code Camp,

Long time camper first time poster.

A month and half ago some friends and I decided to make remix of the humans of new york, but for free code camp. That is, a website where campers could share their personal stories about what it's like to become a self taught developer.

I've been greatly inspired by Quincy Larson's medium post a month-or-so ago where he mentioned over 5,000 people have gotten jobs from free code camp.

We wanted to improve our skills as well. When I started leading this project, I was really intimidated by the API microservice projects, but to accomplish this website, I had to learn mongoose, passport, and really take a good look at the documentation for express.

I was able to learn about the amazing experience that is pair programming, with a guy I met in the cohorts: codejunky.

He and I probably pair programmed for 50-60 hours, and we got to learn so much together. If anyone is curious about it, the cohort is a great place to find pair partners. (There have recently been two great medium articles on the benefits of pair programming, but you can imagine how double the brain power and a partner to challenge and encourage you can be super beneficial)

So, you can probably tell this project is a work in progress. It took a lot of work to get it to this point, and it can definitely grow to be more with your help. If you want to contribute, or you want to learn about the libraries used, I can probably make some time to personally walk you through the code.

A huge thank you to all the supporter: L'emi, Sergio, Alicia, Codejunky, TropicalChancer, Dmatt, and everyone else who has worked to find amazing stories of coders to put on the site.

This is a work in progress, so please leave your comments and critisims, or even better, make a pull request.

Please check it out!
http://campfire-stories.xyz/
```

Commit message:

create admin tool, prevent hashed passwords list from leaking out to admins, paragraphs in articles, added vientang and mkarabashev as active developers in the readme

README.md, after:

# Campfire Stories   

This project uses create react app.  
The server and client are run separately.  

```
# terminal 1
cd client
npm start

# terminal 2
cd server
npm start
```

**[Installation and Usage](https://github.com/mmhansen/campers-of-fcc/wiki)**  

**Creators**  
mmhansen  
codejunky

**Active developers**
mkarabashev
vientang

**This could not be done without the help of many contributors and maintainers. <3**


```
Hello Free Code Camp,

Long time camper first time poster.

A month and half ago some friends and I decided to make remix of the humans of new york, but for free code camp. That is, a website where campers could share their personal stories about what it's like to become a self taught developer.

I've been greatly inspired by Quincy Larson's medium post a month-or-so ago where he mentioned over 5,000 people have gotten jobs from free code camp.

We wanted to improve our skills as well. When I started leading this project, I was really intimidated by the API microservice projects, but to accomplish this website, I had to learn mongoose, passport, and really take a good look at the documentation for express.

I was able to learn about the amazing experience that is pair programming, with a guy I met in the cohorts: codejunky.

He and I probably pair programmed for 50-60 hours, and we got to learn so much together. If anyone is curious about it, the cohort is a great place to find pair partners. (There have recently been two great medium articles on the benefits of pair programming, but you can imagine how double the brain power and a partner to challenge and encourage you can be super beneficial)

So, you can probably tell this project is a work in progress. It took a lot of work to get it to this point, and it can definitely grow to be more with your help. If you want to contribute, or you want to learn about the libraries used, I can probably make some time to personally walk you through the code.

A huge thank you to all the supporter: L'emi, Sergio, Alicia, Codejunky, TropicalChancer, Dmatt, and everyone else who has worked to find amazing stories of coders to put on the site.

This is a work in progress, so please leave your comments and criticisms, or even better, make a pull request.

Please check it out!
http://campfire-stories.xyz/
```
